Copy the Level2 folder (containing as much as you could do for Level2, but correct in the sense that the html
page can be opened and viewed in a browser), rename it as Level3 and modify the files as described below.

NOTE:From this level on, I will not repeat these instructions and assume that you have copied a previously
finished level in which you will work out the required modifications for each specific level.

Notice that in the W3schools example, in each row there is a green check sign in the last column (with header
Pro). In the Basic colum, however, you have either a red-cross or a green-check sign. Your first task is to
generate one more such row in the table, using javascript. Start by removing all rows in the table, except the
row containing the table header and the first row with "Sample text". Your task is now to insert a second row
with "Sample text", but not manually (i.e. not by directly editing the html file). Instead, you will be using
javascript, according to the following instructions. Insert javascript code in your html file doing the
following:
Declare a variable named ROW, which contains the entire string that creates a row in the table (other
than the header row), but slightly modified: instead of the name of the css class that indicates whether a
check or cross sign should appear in the row, you will place the string CHECKCROSSBASIC (for
column Basic) and CHECKCROSSPRO (for column Pro). ✅
NOTE: Make sure you do not have hidden characters in this string, such as new line or tabs that could
be added if you just copy and paste from the html file. Better to delete those hidden characters or, if
you want, you can use the "\n" for a new line, etc. ✅
Immediately print this string using an alert box. ✅
Add javascript code to create (in a new variable) the html string describing a new table row. You do
this by replacing the strings CHECKCROSSBASIC and CHECKCROSSBASIC in the ROW variable
with the css class name for a check, resp. a cross, and storing the result in a new variable. Use alert to
print the contents of this variable. ✅
Finally, append the new row to the innerHTML of the table, using DOM commands. Hint: You may
need to add an id to the table tag and use the DOM command to "get the element by id", then get its
"innerHTML". If you forgot how to do this, search in W3schools for document.getElementById and
innerHTML, and follow the examples. ✅
When done, comment out the alert commands that were used while developing and debugging your
code. ✅