Copy the Level2 folder, rename it as Level3 and modify the files as described below.
NOTE:From this level on, I will not repeat these instructions and assume that you have copied a previously
finished level in which you will work out the required modifications for each specific level.
At this level you will work primarily with the IconBar page. The goal is to demonstrate that you can read and
understand an example from w3schools, and modify it based on some independent explorations using
resources available on the internet.

1. In the level folder, create an "entry point" html page, name it home.html (not index.html). ✅
2. Create a folder named Pages. Copy in it all the html pages you currently have in your level folder,
making sure you update all the paths to other files (such as css files). ✅
3. In the iconBar.html file, add a link to the home.html page for the Home icon. ✅
4. On the home.html page, add a sentence or two explaining (the best you can) the role of the link tag in
the head of the iconBar.html file, what kind of information you think it contributes to the html
document and which part of the html document might be using information from the externally linked
file. ✅
5. Open the externally linked file from the previous step and do a search in it for the names of the five
icons: if you figured out where they are reflected in the iconBar.html file, then you will find them (just
to convince yourself that they come from this external file). Then, scan this external file for some other
possible icons that might be useful. I suggest: fa-photo, fa-movie, fa-download, fa-print. Then, edit the
iconBar.html file and delete the icons for email and globe and add these new icons (for photos, movies,
download and print) to the icon bar. ✅
6. Notice the change in the browser: the bar extends on a second row. Your task is to make the appropriate
modification in the css file, so that all these icons show on one row. ??? used a vertical bar.
7. In the Pages folder, create dummy html files (with suggestive names) for all the icons, so that when you
click on an icon, it takes you to a separate file. ✅